# Architecture Description For Task Performer C

## cert2

This folder stores the certificates used for SSL communication. These certificates are issued and distributed by the CA according to the domain names of the participants before the initialization of this system.

##c_app

DCAP remote authentication extension.

##serverC

System intermediate results and final operating results.

* models.txt: list of training algorithms supported by task performer C;

## datahashA.txt

The hash of training data received from task initiator A is stored to provide support for subsequent data consistency checks.

## datahashB.txt

The hash of training data received from data provider B is stored to provide support for subsequent data consistency checks.

## pytorch.yaml

Configuration file for files copying from the outside to inside of Occlum instance in the training process. This file is applied to the command `copy_bom -f ../pytorch.yaml --root image --include-dir /opt/occlum/etc/template`.

## pytorch_predict.yaml

Configuration file for files copying from the outside to inside of Occlum instance in the predicting process. This file is applied to the command `copy_bom -f ../pytorch_predict.yaml --root image --include-dir /opt/occlum/etc/template`.

## AFM.py

Attention Factorization Machine model construction algorithms.

## dataset_preprocess.py

Data preprocessing.

## greeter_serverC.py

Related operations of task performer C in RPC interaction.

## helloworld_pb2\*.\*

gRPC communication related documents. `helloworld_pb2.py` and `helloworld_pb2_grpc.py` are generated by `python -m grpc_tools.protoc -I. --python_out=. --grpc_python_out=. ./helloworld.proto`

## metrics.py

Evaluation indicator settings

## send_model.py

Codes for sending the training model to task initiator A.

## train.py

Training algorithms.

## predict.py

Prediction algorithms.

## install_python_with_conda.sh

Configure the Python version and all required libraries in the Occlum instance.

## run_predict_on_occlum.sh

Configure and run the `train.py` script in the Occlum instance to complete the model joint training. The core command is `occlum run /bin/python3 train.py`.

## run_pytorch_on_occlum.sh

Configure and run the `predict.py` script in the Occlum instance to complete the joint prediction. The core command is `occlum run /bin/python3 predict.py`.